fix: Override snowflake warehouse (#10803)
lightdash/lightdash: docs/docs/get-started/setup-lightdash/connect-project.mdx

  style={{ display: 'block', margin: '0 auto 20px auto' }}
/>

> If `Always use this warehouse` is set to yes, then we'll be using this `warehouse` to all queries, even if this is overrwritten
> by the dbt config using `snowflake­_warehouse`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::info

If “Always use this warehouse” is set to yes, this warehouse will be used for all queries, even if the dbt configuration specifies a different warehouse using snowflake_warehouse.

:::
```
